Migrate project setup to poetry (#104)
exasol/pyexasol: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Switch packaging and project workflows to poetry (internal0.25.3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switch packaging and project workflows to poetry (internal 0.25.3)
```
❓
